More guidance about examples (#15894)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/structures/page_types/api_constructor_subpage_template/index.md

## Examples

### A descriptive heading

Each example must have an H3 heading naming the example. The heading should be descriptive of what the example is doing. For example, "A simple example" does not say anything about the example and therefore, not a good heading. The heading should be concise. For a longer description, use the paragraph after the heading.

See our guide on how to add [code examples](/en-US/docs/MDN/Structures/Code_examples) for more information.

> **Note:** Sometimes you will want to link to examples given on another page.
>

> > If you have some examples in this page and some more examples on another page, then include an H3 heading for each example in this page, then a final H3 heading with the text "More examples", under which you can link to the extra examples. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Scenario 1: If you have some examples on this page and some more examples on another page
> Include an H3 heading for each example on this page and then a final H3 heading with the text "More examples", under which you can link to the examples on other pages. For example:
```

>
>  ```md
>  ## Examples
>
>  ### Using the fetch API
>  ... example of Fetch
>
>  ### More examples

> >  ...links to further examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  ...links to more examples on other pages
```

>  ```
>

> > If you _only_ have examples on another page, then you should not provide any H3 headings, but just add the links directly under the "Examples" H2. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Scenario 2: If you _only_ have examples on another page and none on this page
Don't add any H3 headings; just add the links directly under the H2 heading "Examples". For example:
```
